I'm at the airport
and they were actually on my flight
which was so funny and so where I think
it made everything so we're just outside
so yes I found them and we're about to
get a really food and we are so excited
so I'll try to vlog a little bit of and
then hey guys so I was just thinking
about my lack of vlogging today but it's
okay because we still have the whole day
ahead of us it's still the morning so
it's
anyway I just got to LA a little bit ago
and then I met up with CeCe and then
Kayla got here the Kayla and then he is
looking for the car because we're at the
parking garage right now can't find the
car a little bit of a situation but
here's my first view palm trees and some
buildings of La but I don't think this
is I think it's gonna get a lot better
than this hi guys so I thought I would
go ahead and update you so we went to in
and out which is my first time and it
was really delicious I ate it so quick
because I was so starving so we went
there and then we saw brandy melville
which is the store that I went to in New
York is it's one of Kayla's favorite
stores so we all went there and we all
got some stuff
here's my bags but I'm gonna do a haul
so I will show you guys that that's all
it's not too much stuff but um I really
like that store so now we are headed to
3rd Street Promenade right and I don't
know what we're gonna do there but it's
gonna be fun so I'll try to do some
filming when we get there mango
should we go to me which we are not
going because we do not need any choice
at all
joining speaker these are all Spurs we
got at home we gotta find home unique
wait guys we lost pick me Jacob I'm
going to j.crew and you can't stop me
why I suppose ended okay there we go
with Shawne third seat promenade
and it's like statue
- or made of a bush spitting out water
but I think it looks really cool so I
want to show you guys I don't have my
regular camera to take pictures but I'm
just so pretty i'm really loving
hi guys so we got to our hotel room
finally it's a really long time to get
to Pasadena there was so much traffic
but I'll give you guys a little ovary
sorry we already kind of made it all
okay so we have our TV right here
dresser fridge mirror that's the
bathroom over there we have a closet
here's our bed they see see and um um
window a chair a lamp that's about it
dusk so we're going to meet up with
aurélie whose love nectar 13 in Aspen
who's hot brilliant um I think they're
texting me back there
at the Cheesecake Factory for dinner but
I wanted to show you guys my outfit for
today um this is what I wore today to
the airport all through the day and this
is what I'm wearing tonight so I I
showed this video this often in my
packing video so you guys might have
already seen it but it's this yellow
blouse from ectasia and then I'm wearing
a white band oh under it and then I have
my neon pink j.crew shorts um and yeah
and then for my shoes I have my both
shoes and these are from hot look so um
we're gonna go ahead and go to dinner I
will try what I think it's Emily and
Kayleigh spamming our thumbs okay so I
will see you guys at dinner we are so
starving so we're like dying
there are cables go find them yeah
they're already out of date
they said go to the left when you come
here
where are they
yeah okay guys we're gonna catch up and
stops and then I will so we are helping
Jews right now I'm not getting anything
because we just consider and actually
have to pee the only thing is early I'm
learning about being a Mayan city like
New York or even LA like yesterday now
we're in right now like there's no
and then you have to be in like no one
will let you go Jamba Juice does not bow
and Starbucks what a lousy they don't
even tweet but they might not back there
but anyway there's my BFS guys
start blogging it's fun I got my trailer
because Kayla told me this one is really
great and my skin is so dry I mean and
now we're just go ahead and head
hopefully you go either through the
floor like what's up
it's found the convention center and
we're really excited is their first this
is our first time seeing it though
looks gigantic it's so pretty out right
now we're still in Pasadena and we're
just heading back to our hotel but this
is really nice I love it here it's
really pretty
not sure we got us but hey hello okay so
this is the end of my day 1 vlog I hope
you guys enjoyed it I don't know if I
got so much good stuff but tomorrow will
be better cause tomorrow's I'm at so I'm
super excited so me and Kayla are just
going to get ready for bed and go sleep
and go to I'm at so thank you guys for
watching and I'll see you um tomorrow
bye